Cache Beebop databases in CI (#86)
bacpop/beebop: README.md

- `./scripts/run_server`
- `./scripts/run_client`

> *Note: If you wish to override the volune with a custom bind mount pass in -mount {MOUNT_NAME} into `run_test` script*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: If you wish to override the storage volume with a custom bind mount pass in -mount {MOUNT_NAME} into `run_test` script*
```
